feat: Introduce `ca_certs` / `--ca-certs` to `pdm publish` repos (#1395)
pdm-project/pdm: docs/docs/usage/project.md

url = "https://pypi.company.org/legacy/"
username = "frostming"
password = "<secret>"
ca_certs = "/path/to/custom-cacerts.pem"
```

> A PEM-enoded certificate authority cert bundle (`ca_certs`) can be used for local / custom PyPI repositories where the server certificate is not signed by the standard [certifi](https://github.com/certifi/python-certifi/blob/master/certifi/cacert.pem) CA bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PEM-encoded Certificate Authority bundle (`ca_certs`) can be used for local / custom PyPI repositories where the server certificate is not signed by the standard [certifi](https://github.com/certifi/python-certifi/blob/master/certifi/cacert.pem) CA bundle.
```
